so hey where's this Ben guy he is around
here somewhere people say he lives on
the ground sewers beneath the destroyed
city and you believe it such a great
city destroyed in the war leaving us all
homeless well that's a mission to not be
what makes you think the sewers are
around here maybe the large whale with
the sign above that says Baines
headquarters oh it would have been smart
to bring weapons with us yeah didn't
think about that
you
war juju Coburn were not answering to
any of you will be assured that is if
you wish to live I haven't seen you
since the war vain same brother now why
did the tool you come down here came to
borrow your weapons you mean steal from
me I know you two will return them
weapons here are rare nowadays so what
makes you think you clouds could steal
for me well we didn't mean to know
you're going to leave with these weapons
even if it means you and your peanut
gallery lives you have to change the day
old friend or arrogance will be what
kills you unfortunately for the two of
you you guys will not leave these sewers
alive you're going to kill us you do
kill one of our tension in a little
sorry we that ad ain't got what was
coming to him shut up is this what you
plan to steal for me maybe the two of
you are fools nobody can sneak up on me
mind you mom let's stop them
wow that was fun look behind you you
think you can do my name and steal for
me well now you're gonna have to deal
with me which is terrible for you now I
will pray to you saved me thank you no
problem